Small updates to readme and build instructions. (#85)
spacemeshos/gpu-post: README.md

## Runtime System Requirements

> Windows 10/11, macOS or Ubuntu.

Reviewer: We really don't support other Linux distros? Why not? At least worth adding a comment here to this effect

Author: The problem is that we checked on Ubuntu "only", let me check on other linux distro.

Reviewer: I think it's sufficient to just add a note here saying we've only tested and confirmed on Ubuntu (which version(s)?), and that it may work on others but we cannot confirm

Author: Just please note that it's build not usage.

Author: Will check. Generally all should work.

One or more of the following processors:

> - A GPU and drivers with CUDA support (minimum compute compatibility 5.0, maximum compute compatibility 9), such as a modern Nvidia GPU and Nvidia drivers version R525 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A GPU and drivers with CUDA support (minimum compute compatibility 5.0, maximum compute compatibility 9), such as a modern Nvidia GPU and Nvidia drivers [version R525](https://www.nvidia.com/Download/driverResults.aspx/194278/en-us/) or newer.
```

Author: Well for some of the platforms (Ubuntu) you have dedicated tools to do that, not sure if that makes sense. For Arch you have wiki page etc.

Imho makes no sense to add the link here.

Reviewer: This is pretty good, I used this guide, it explains all the options: https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/ubuntu-linux-install-nvidia-driver-latest-proprietary-driver/

- 2080 MiB

### Runtime linux requirements

> On Linux platforms with hybrid Nvidia GPU setup please use Nvidia driver R525 or newer. Older ones are known to have compatibility issues. Non hybrid cards are confirmed to be working with R520 and older versions.

Reviewer: What does hybrid mean? I have no idea

Author: That's actually a common statement and the technical term for integrated & discrete GPU.

Reviewer: I'd like to make these docs accessible to a normal technical audience without any specific GPU knowledge, if possible

---

## Build System Requirements

### All Platforms

> - For building CUDA support: NVIDIA Cuda Toolkit 11, an NVIDIA GPU with CUDA support, and an Nvdia driver version R525 or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For building CUDA support: NVIDIA [Cuda Toolkit 11](https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-11.0-download-archive), an NVIDIA GPU with CUDA support, and an Nvidia driver [version R525](https://www.nvidia.com/Download/driverResults.aspx/194278/en-us/) or newer.
```

Author: Same as above, IMHO. Or we have to create separate entires per platform there... 

I'm not sure if anyone will be using that repo directly so honestly would prefer to keep it "technical enough" for now at least to also lower the maintenance requirements.

- For building Vulkan support: Vulkan SDK 1.3 and a GPU with Vulkan 1.3 runtime support.

### Windows

> - Windows 10/11 Pro.

Reviewer: Why Pro?

Author: That's a good question, kinda copied that from original 10Pro. Will adjust to "any" windows :)
